## 2015 PyCon UK Society AGM

MINUTES of the Annual General Meeting held on 19 September 2015 at The Innovation Centre, Coventry.

*Minutes prepared by Peter Inglesby and George Hickman.*

Before the meeting started properly, people were invited to put themselves forward to be on next year's committee, and several people did so.

## Present, and apologies

The PythonAnywhere room was about half full, so there were around a hundred people present.

 * Zeth Green (Acting Chair)
 * Nicholas Tollervey (Education Track Chair)
 * Luke Stanley (Vice Chair)
 * Sarah Mount (Vice Chair)
 * Mary Mooney (Treasurer)
 * Peter Inglesby (Vice Chair)

were on the stage.

There were no apologies.

## Acting Chair's report

Zeth began by welcoming everyone, and saying that this was the best-attended AGM to date.

Since John's death, Zeth has been Acting Chair.
Zeth said that because of these changes, we did not change the venue this year.

Zeth said that does not want to be chair again, that in previous years John has shouldered the burden, and that he does not want anybody to burn out.
Zeth felt that the role of the Chair should be shared between three people, to ease the workload and allow the committee as a whole to do more.

Zeth said that constitutionally, we just need a committee.
The committee will meet at a "wash up" event in the autumn, where who does what can be decided.
Travel costs for the meeting will be covered by the Society.

As such, Zeth said he would like to focus on new projects (bid to bring EuroPython to the UK, bringing back unconference, talking to the PSF to get a proper structure for the UK affiliate).
He then proposed that Peter Inglesby be **General Secretary**, to be *responsible for crew and communications*, and that Daniele Procida be **Local Chair**, responsible for arrangements with the venue.
Of these three, Peter would have the more difficult role, so Zeth emphasized the importance of Daniele, Zeth (and the other Committee members) supporting Peter and making sure he does not get burned out.

Zeth then discussed how the conference has been planned for this year, including mentioning the use of GitHub issues.
He also mentioned that the conference website is built using Python 2.
Russel Winder has volunteered to update the conference website to use Python 3.

Zeth then thanked Nick Tollervey, Peter Inglesby, Mary Mooney, Sarah Mount, Luke Stanley, Naomi Ceder, and others who had worked to put the conference on, and asked for a standing ovation for Nick, who is standing down from the Committee this year and who has been responsible for the success of the education track.
The AGM duly gave Nick an enthusiastic standing ovation.

Zeth said the conference was planned, the conference was organised, and the conference was done.

## Treasurer's report

Mary presented the income and expenditure accounts for the 2014 conference, which can be found at https://github.com/PyconUK/PyConUKSociety/blob/master/agm_finances/2014AGM_finances.md

For 2014 we made a profit of around £5000.

Mary also reported that around £1700 has been raised for Cancer Research so far at the conference, and that there's a bucket at reception that people can use for further donations.

At this point, Nick thanked Mary and asked for a standing ovation, which the AGM gladly gave.

## Proposal for financial support plan

Zeth asked Nick to present a new financial support plan.

Nick proposed that we use some of the profits from this year's conference to provide financial support to delegates for next year.

This was voted for by a show of hands.

## Statement on diversity

When people bought tickets, they were asked for their gender.
Zeth showed a graph of the responses, which showed that 20% of delegates identify as female, 72% of delegates identify as male, 2% as non-binary, with the remainder not answering the question.

Zeth also said that we had had many more applications to DjangoGirls than could be accepted.

One effort to improve diversity that was not successful this year was our plan to provide a creche.
This had to be cancelled when the child-minder we had planned to use became unavailable.
Zeth said we would try again next year and hoped to find a reliable provider.

## Statement on education

Nicholas gave a brief account of the education track and said that he felt it had been successful.

## Statement on co-operation with the PSF

Zeth said that because of the size of conference budget and the implications that has for VAT, the PyCon UK Society will need to reconsider its status.
Zeth will work with Van Lindberg and the PSF to do find a viable plan for the future.

## Proposal to bring back unconference

Zeth reminded the meeting that in previous years there has been a UK Python unconference, funded by tips.
A show of hands showed that people were interested in the idea.

## Next UK conference

Zeth said that the venue has been a great place to hold a conference, and that in particular the staff have been very good to work with.
However, the conference has outgrown the venue and we will have to find a new venue for 2016.

Enquiries have been made about holding the conference in Cardiff next year, in the same venue as DjangoCon was held this spring.
Daniele and Vincent have said that they'll head up the arrangements in Cardiff.

A show of hands showed that most people were were willing to travel to Cardiff for the conference.
The Committee committed to making Cardiff the first choice of venue for the 2016 conference.

## Constitutional amendments

Zeth proposed adding clauses about promoting diversity and eduction to the section about the purposes the Society in the constitution

There was some discussion about the meaning of "diversity" and Nicholas explained that the purpose of the amendment was to ensure that the conference was welcoming to people who are from groups who are under-represented at technology conferences are made to feel welcome.

These amendments were passed by a show of hands.

## Elections to the committee

Before the meeting, several people had put themselves forwards to serve as members of the committee.
Zeth decided that they should be elected *en bloc*.

There will be a meeting in the autumn to decide who does what.

Sarah pointed out that we would need a treasurer, and Kristian volunteered to do this if required.

The Committee was elected unanimously.

## AOB

The provisional date for the next AGM will be during the next conference, on 16th September 2016.
